O
the goal
Do you know guys I hope you have
tanned the video is homage to uncle
use is was a small video was a one
Also positive tribute and music
sad a homage to brazil and oeb positive
and it's an action for everyone there I hope
You liked the video if you
liked chiliques
if you will use them easy to get at it
Man, why are you calling? I like it a lot.
of the car a lot when the guy and I'm going to stay
very happy if he can at least see
The video gives a play on the video. I appreciate it.
for your play is the download and 10 end of the
moratorium on the robust Description
You do not know how to speak, just ask for a
tutorial, can I do the cultural thing?
future
the show in the next video and that's it then
I hope you liked it, thank you.
for a play if you like the
video favorite b that lilic maroto than
hi in that what is here and there
mischievous that there of course I like
're always on
let's try to beat the lycra record and
they will put a parliament and summon 300
I called us to be happy, beauty.
also then if you are not registered
sign up will have lots of fucking content
for me there and it 's us win little game of
It is final and toy red bottle
everything will be fine brother
where there is yes I am looking for bread
expression for rivals order
when we read friend , pre school friend
just eat lunch
I also learned that the show is no use.
to burst while victory does not come
since then he has been looking for his better place
I know it's hard to keep your faith with
so much fear around in the hands how many
Sometimes you've only seen yourself.
asking if he had a day - a day
more and when I came to never
learned the law departed before turning that
it will make much less crowded we will
think about are expenses